But the prostitutes can be hired to beg
where will you take
I'll order you ordering
blonde girl
such a torn to what someone will not come
for him will come kolyan trolling and I do not know
yeah so why this is not a telephone
conversation why should you come there
with prostitutes you send me no
all the above type move here like an ax
its on the verge of fucking and would be fine
prostitutes bolt fucked far with an ax
will be broken
not even prostitutes order this
the room has been harvested from the ax
dear we're my good you know
You know, now you lose the ax is ready
I'll come right now let's all fucking that
prostitutes prostitutes hardened you
here then somewhere to come there
this will call for you to someone gentoo
prostitutes agency prostitutes yes yes
and you who I am hookah some of our Kolyan you
goat dust from the hump do you understand
Bordez Gordeev who so to speak here is make
lead because there is a prostitute
say goodbye played on the phone to play
[music]
Yes, you know where
raku raku
and put
wore not
no no no we come to the baron you
[music]
send me kolyan i masks and helmets
a right to a huge fucking not
ordinary fag festering blackboard box
dad you call here and now for that
what you call and when Jacques exactly
put a steam pasta cult of it
I do not see the business and the fact that you under world
you derzhak I will dragon you fucking
the moment of release hold on to them
will nobody hold my dear
It will sit on you for you on the same
put you on drugs and prove york
addict nasty and beregar drugs
do not immediately play some ass to from and
drugs stop selling konyashka
decide seriously tell someone to give
drugs are there and say about the siege of it
committee new shoes before shooting light
not pidaras i'm so a player everything even bal
the zone of the crayfish and you yourself can catch the fish
gloom you only you were born so here you are
and glad to fucking ass and buy yourself and so it
jumps straight after that so called and so after
and so baby cream depriment yes here
ok you can cook like
acetylene can go like this and so
smeared yes no he will enter no fucking
will enter normally
ass you cooked yepty well i'm like while
pedal
what are you even the role it is my dear it seems
himself so
How much do you call, constantly doing a
mother's cult of son me especially you fuck
hero puppy ёbana westinghouse act bring
upstairs to leads and then i'm ready
ax and we have 10 axes and in I FSUs
two of the teachers
Odessa couple of devices of this one
more to share dork
probably not a moron I
How much do you call on what I punished
prostitutes order you yourself fuck yourself
fuck
like this science fists and chicken itself
gone and shake is not the time why are you
so it is practiced for no attributes
hide behind the zone when i can't